I just want you to know that loving someone does not require self-destruction. You love someone too much that you could give everything just to make him/her stay. You love someone too much that he/she is now blinded by your worth. Losing someone can hurt a lot. Letting go will never be easy. Missing someone can make you feel crazy. Seeing him/her with someone else can break your heart instantly. But hey, have you ever seen yourself recently?

You look different. You got a weak smile, tired eyes, deep thoughts, and a heavy sigh with a sad face. How long do you want to hold onto someone who destroys you? A person that cares for you will be bothered by just seeing you unhappy. A person who loves you will never make ways to hurt you. A person who is truly inlove with you will always be faithful to you. So please stop. Stop wasting your love on someone who can't respect your feelings. You've already done your part, and that is to love him/her beyond measure.

Loving someone does not require uncountable 'forgive-and-forget' the damages that he/she have caused you. If someone can hurt you repeatedly, then what makes you think that it is still worth it to stay? Look, your pain is now consuming you. Save a little love and mercy for yourself because at the end of the day, you'll only have yourself and all those people that you've been trying to keep will take their different paths to leave. Sometimes, you just have to let go and stop delaying your healing process. You're strong! I know you can.
